What is the structure of a program? 
Structure is a collection of variables of different types under a single name.

What is the difference between% d and% f format specifiers?
%d (%i) int signed integer
%f float or double signed decimal

What is a function?
A function is a group of statements that together perform a task. Every C program has at least one function, which is main(), and all the most trivial programs can define additional functions.

What is a function definition? 
A function definition provides the actual body of the function.

What is a function declaration? 
A function declaration tells the compiler about a function's name, return type, and parameters

Why do you need function declaration?
Function declaration is required when you define a function in one source file and you call that function in another file

What are the formal parameters?
If a function is to use arguments, it must declare variables that accept the values of the arguments. These variables are called the formal parameters of the function.

What are the actual parameters?
Actual parameters are parameters as they appear in function calls.

What is the meaning of pass by value?
"Passing by value" means that you pass the actual value of the variable into the function.

What is the meaning of pass by reference? 
When reference variables are used as formal parameters, this is known as Pass By Reference.

List all syntax errors and reason for the syntax errors.
Most frequent syntax errors are:
Missing Parenthesis (})
Printing the value of variable without declaring it
Missing semicolon like this:
eg..
// C program to illustrate 
// syntax error 
#include<stdio.h> 
void main() 
{ 
    int x = 10; 
    int y = 15;  
    printf("%d", (x, y)) // semicolon missed 
} 

What is the meaning of floating point number?
A real number (that is, a number that can contain a fractional part). The following are floating-point numbers:
3.0
-111.5

Is there a limit to how big an integer can be me in c program?
yes,there is a limit for an integer as int can store values upto 32 bits

Is there a limit to how big a floating point number can be in ac program?
Floating point data type can take large floating point numbers with a small degree of precision


